# Imprecise infectious disease assessment terminology

## Disease Description
mild infection
moderate infection
severe infection
serious infection
critical infection
minimal infection
substantial infection
significant infection
insignificant infection
major infection

## Progress Description
improving condition
worsening condition
stable condition
unstable condition
progressive condition
regressive condition
advancing condition
deteriorating condition
fluctuating condition
variable condition

## Response Description
good response
poor response
adequate response
inadequate response
sufficient response
insufficient response
appropriate response
inappropriate response
effective response
ineffective response

## Recovery Description
good recovery
poor recovery
adequate recovery
inadequate recovery
sufficient recovery
insufficient recovery
appropriate recovery
inappropriate recovery
effective recovery
ineffective recovery

## Outcome Description
good outcome
poor outcome
favorable outcome
unfavorable outcome
positive outcome
negative outcome
expected outcome
unexpected outcome
satisfactory outcome
unsatisfactory outcome
# Imprecise infectious disease assessment terminology

## Disease Description
mild infection
moderate infection
severe infection
serious infection
critical infection
minimal infection
substantial infection
significant infection
insignificant infection
major infection

## Progress Description
improving condition
worsening condition
stable condition
unstable condition
progressive condition
regressive condition
advancing condition
deteriorating condition
fluctuating condition
variable condition

## Response Description
good response
poor response
adequate response
inadequate response
sufficient response
insufficient response
appropriate response
inappropriate response
effective response
ineffective response

## Recovery Description
good recovery
poor recovery
adequate recovery
inadequate recovery
sufficient recovery
insufficient recovery
appropriate recovery
inappropriate recovery
effective recovery
ineffective recovery

## Outcome Description
good outcome
poor outcome
favorable outcome
unfavorable outcome
positive outcome
negative outcome
expected outcome
unexpected outcome
satisfactory outcome
unsatisfactory outcome
