# Nephrological Assessment

## Glomerular Function
filtration rate
glomerular pressure
filtration fraction
barrier integrity
protein selectivity
charge selectivity
size selectivity
podocyte function
basement membrane
endothelial function

## Tubular Function
reabsorption capacity
secretion efficiency
concentration ability
dilution capacity
acid-base handling
electrolyte transport
glucose handling
protein processing
organic acid transport
drug excretion

## Vascular Function
renal blood flow
plasma flow
vascular resistance
autoregulation
perfusion pressure
medullary flow
cortical flow
vascular tone
endothelial function
microcirculation

## Endocrine Function
renin secretion
erythropoietin production
vitamin D activation
prostaglandin synthesis
kinin generation
aldosterone response
vasopressin action
natriuretic peptides
endothelin activity
hormone metabolism

## Inflammatory Status
immune complex deposition
complement activation
cellular infiltration
cytokine profile
inflammatory mediators
oxidative stress
fibrogenic factors
tissue repair
immune response
inflammatory resolution

## Metabolic Function
acid-base balance
electrolyte homeostasis
mineral metabolism
nitrogen balance
osmotic regulation
volume status
energy metabolism
protein handling
glucose regulation
lipid processing

## Structural Integrity
parenchymal architecture
tubular morphology
glomerular structure
vascular pattern
interstitial space
capsular integrity
tissue organization
cellular arrangement
matrix composition
basement membrane

## Repair Mechanisms
regenerative capacity
scarring patterns
fibrosis development
tissue remodeling
cellular recovery
matrix turnover
wound healing
tissue adaptation
compensatory changes
repair efficiency

## Hemodynamic Status
pressure regulation
flow distribution
volume control
cardiac output
systemic resistance
venous return
arterial compliance
pressure gradients
flow patterns
vascular tone

## Excretory Function
waste elimination
toxin clearance
drug excretion
metabolite handling
solute transport
water balance
concentration gradient
osmotic work
excretion pattern
clearance efficiency
