# Gastrointestinal Disorders

## Motility Disorders
gastroparesis
intestinal dysmotility
colonic inertia
sphincter dysfunction
achalasia
pseudo-obstruction
transit disorders
propulsive disorders
contractile disorders
coordination disorders

## Inflammatory Conditions
mucosal inflammation
transmural inflammation
erosive disease
ulcerative disease
inflammatory infiltration
granulomatous disease
lymphocytic infiltration
eosinophilic inflammation
neutrophilic inflammation
immune-mediated inflammation

## Functional Disorders
visceral hypersensitivity
altered motility
secretory dysfunction
absorption impairment
barrier dysfunction
microbiome dysbiosis
neuroendocrine dysfunction
sensory dysfunction
motor dysfunction
regulatory dysfunction

## Structural Disorders
strictures
fistulas
adhesions
diverticula
hernias
malformations
anatomical defects
mechanical obstruction
luminal narrowing
wall thickening

## Vascular Disorders
ischemic disease
vascular insufficiency
hemorrhagic disease
congestion
thrombosis
angiodysplasia
vascular malformation
perfusion defects
microvascular disease
vasculitis
# Gastrointestinal Disorders

## Motility Disorders
gastroparesis
intestinal dysmotility
colonic inertia
sphincter dysfunction
achalasia
pseudo-obstruction
transit disorders
propulsive disorders
contractile disorders
coordination disorders

## Inflammatory Conditions
mucosal inflammation
transmural inflammation
erosive disease
ulcerative disease
inflammatory infiltration
granulomatous disease
lymphocytic infiltration
eosinophilic inflammation
neutrophilic inflammation
immune-mediated inflammation

## Functional Disorders
visceral hypersensitivity
altered motility
secretory dysfunction
absorption impairment
barrier dysfunction
microbiome dysbiosis
neuroendocrine dysfunction
sensory dysfunction
motor dysfunction
regulatory dysfunction

## Structural Disorders
strictures
fistulas
adhesions
diverticula
hernias
malformations
anatomical defects
mechanical obstruction
luminal narrowing
wall thickening

## Vascular Disorders
ischemic disease
vascular insufficiency
hemorrhagic disease
congestion
thrombosis
angiodysplasia
vascular malformation
perfusion defects
microvascular disease
vasculitis
