# Cancer Imaging Assessment

## Anatomical Imaging
tumor dimensions
lesion morphology
tissue boundaries
organ involvement
structural changes
anatomical relationships
spatial distribution
contrast enhancement
density patterns
texture analysis

## Functional Imaging
metabolic activity
perfusion patterns
diffusion characteristics
spectroscopic features
receptor density
tracer uptake
kinetic parameters
functional connectivity
molecular targeting
physiological response

## Response Assessment
dimensional changes
volume assessment
density alterations
enhancement patterns
metabolic response
perfusion changes
diffusion changes
texture features
heterogeneity analysis
radiomics features

## Advanced Techniques
multiparametric analysis
radiomics assessment
artificial intelligence
machine learning
deep learning
texture mapping
feature extraction
quantitative analysis
parametric mapping
dynamic imaging
# Cancer Imaging Assessment

## Anatomical Imaging
tumor dimensions
lesion morphology
tissue boundaries
organ involvement
structural changes
anatomical relationships
spatial distribution
contrast enhancement
density patterns
texture analysis

## Functional Imaging
metabolic activity
perfusion patterns
diffusion characteristics
spectroscopic features
receptor density
tracer uptake
kinetic parameters
functional connectivity
molecular targeting
physiological response

## Response Assessment
dimensional changes
volume assessment
density alterations
enhancement patterns
metabolic response
perfusion changes
diffusion changes
texture features
heterogeneity analysis
radiomics features

## Advanced Techniques
multiparametric analysis
radiomics assessment
artificial intelligence
machine learning
deep learning
texture mapping
feature extraction
quantitative analysis
parametric mapping
dynamic imaging
# Cancer Imaging Assessment

## Anatomical Imaging
tumor dimensions
lesion morphology
tissue boundaries
organ involvement
structural changes
anatomical relationships
spatial distribution
contrast enhancement
density patterns
texture analysis

## Functional Imaging
metabolic activity
perfusion patterns
diffusion characteristics
spectroscopic features
receptor density
tracer uptake
kinetic parameters
functional connectivity
molecular targeting
physiological response

## Response Assessment
dimensional changes
volume assessment
density alterations
enhancement patterns
metabolic response
perfusion changes
diffusion changes
texture features
heterogeneity analysis
radiomics features

## Advanced Techniques
multiparametric analysis
radiomics assessment
artificial intelligence
machine learning
deep learning
texture mapping
feature extraction
quantitative analysis
parametric mapping
dynamic imaging
