# Imprecise imaging assessment terminology

## Imaging Description
good imaging
poor imaging
better imaging
worse imaging
reasonable imaging
adequate imaging
inadequate imaging
satisfactory imaging
unsatisfactory imaging
acceptable imaging

## Analysis Description
good analysis
poor analysis
better analysis
worse analysis
reasonable analysis
adequate analysis
inadequate analysis
satisfactory analysis
unsatisfactory analysis
acceptable analysis

## Technique Description
advanced technique
basic technique
complex technique
simple technique
innovative technique
traditional technique
modern technique
outdated technique
effective technique
ineffective technique

## Feature Description
strong feature
weak feature
prominent feature
subtle feature
distinct feature
vague feature
clear feature
unclear feature
important feature
unimportant feature
# Imprecise imaging assessment terminology

## Imaging Description
good imaging
poor imaging
better imaging
worse imaging
reasonable imaging
adequate imaging
inadequate imaging
satisfactory imaging
unsatisfactory imaging
acceptable imaging

## Analysis Description
good analysis
poor analysis
better analysis
worse analysis
reasonable analysis
adequate analysis
inadequate analysis
satisfactory analysis
unsatisfactory analysis
acceptable analysis

## Technique Description
advanced technique
basic technique
complex technique
simple technique
innovative technique
traditional technique
modern technique
outdated technique
effective technique
ineffective technique

## Feature Description
strong feature
weak feature
prominent feature
subtle feature
distinct feature
vague feature
clear feature
unclear feature
important feature
unimportant feature
