# Multivariate Analysis Terminology

## Data Structure
multivariate observations
variable relationships
correlation structure
covariance patterns
dimensional reduction
feature space
variable clustering
data projection
manifold structure
latent variables

## Analysis Methods
principal components
factor analysis
discriminant analysis
canonical correlation
cluster analysis
multidimensional scaling
correspondence analysis
structural equations
path analysis
latent class analysis

## Model Diagnostics
multicollinearity check
variance inflation
condition number
eigenvalue analysis
residual correlation
model fit indices
modification indices
standardized residuals
factor loadings
path coefficients

## Validation Methods
cross-validation
holdout validation
bootstrap validation
permutation testing
jackknife estimation
sensitivity analysis
robustness check
stability assessment
replication analysis
external validation
