# Hepatological Assessment

## Synthetic Function
protein synthesis
coagulation factors
albumin production
enzyme synthesis
bile acid formation
cholesterol synthesis
lipoprotein assembly
hormone metabolism
acute phase proteins
glycoprotein production

## Metabolic Function
glucose homeostasis
lipid metabolism
protein metabolism
drug metabolism
xenobiotic handling
energy metabolism
ammonia processing
bilirubin conjugation
hormone conversion
vitamin storage

## Detoxification
phase I reactions
phase II conjugation
toxin elimination
drug clearance
metabolite processing
xenobiotic transformation
chemical modification
conjugation efficiency
excretion patterns
clearance capacity

## Biliary Function
bile production
bile secretion
bile acid transport
cholesterol excretion
biliary pressure
duct integrity
bile flow
bile composition
bile acid pool
enterohepatic circulation

## Vascular Function
portal flow
hepatic perfusion
sinusoidal function
vascular resistance
blood volume
flow distribution
pressure gradient
vascular tone
microcirculation
oxygen delivery

## Inflammatory Status
immune response
cellular infiltration
cytokine profile
inflammatory mediators
acute phase response
immune cell activity
tissue reaction
inflammatory resolution
repair mechanisms
fibrogenic activity

## Structural Integrity
parenchymal architecture
lobular organization
sinusoidal structure
vascular pattern
biliary anatomy
tissue composition
cellular arrangement
matrix integrity
membrane function
structural stability

## Regenerative Capacity
hepatocyte renewal
tissue repair
regeneration rate
cellular proliferation
growth factors
matrix remodeling
tissue adaptation
compensatory growth
recovery patterns
healing response

## Storage Function
glycogen storage
vitamin retention
mineral storage
lipid accumulation
protein storage
metabolite retention
energy reserves
nutrient storage
trace elements
storage capacity

## Immune Function
immune surveillance
antigen processing
antibody production
complement synthesis
cytokine generation
immune tolerance
inflammatory control
immune regulation
defense mechanisms
barrier function
