# Specialized Cardiovascular Assessment

## Advanced Imaging
cardiac MRI parameters
myocardial perfusion
delayed enhancement
T1/T2 mapping
strain analysis
tissue characterization
coronary angiography
calcium scoring
plaque composition
vessel wall imaging

## Electrophysiology
intracardiac signals
activation mapping
voltage mapping
propagation patterns
conduction velocity
refractory periods
pacing threshold
sensing amplitude
impedance trends
capture threshold

## Mechanical Function
strain rate imaging
torsion analysis
dyssynchrony indices
contractility markers
relaxation parameters
filling dynamics
chamber mechanics
wall stress
myocardial work
ventricular-arterial coupling

## Autonomic Function
heart rate variability
baroreflex sensitivity
sympathetic tone
parasympathetic activity
autonomic balance
circadian patterns
orthostatic response
vascular tone
neurohumoral activation
autonomic modulation

## Vascular Assessment
endothelial function
arterial stiffness
pulse wave analysis
flow-mediated dilation
microvascular function
collateral flow
vascular remodeling
shear stress
vessel compliance
vascular resistance

## Metabolic Assessment
myocardial metabolism
substrate utilization
oxygen consumption
energy efficiency
metabolic flexibility
ATP production
phosphocreatine levels
lactate dynamics
glucose uptake
fatty acid oxidation

## Molecular Imaging
receptor density
transporter expression
enzyme activity
inflammatory markers
matrix remodeling
cell death markers
protein aggregation
calcium handling
mitochondrial function
oxidative stress

## Tissue Characterization
fibrosis quantification
edema assessment
fat infiltration
iron content
amyloid deposition
inflammatory changes
cellular infiltration
matrix composition
tissue perfusion
viability assessment

## Device Diagnostics
lead parameters
battery longevity
shock impedance
noise detection
oversensing patterns
undersensing events
crosstalk analysis
timing intervals
diagnostic trends
alert parameters

## Structural Dynamics
valve mechanics
chamber geometry
myocardial deformation
aortic elasticity
ventricular interdependence
atrial mechanics
pericardial dynamics
septal motion
papillary muscle function
chordal apparatus

## Pressure-Volume Analysis
pressure-volume loops
end-systolic elastance
preload recruitable stroke work
diastolic stiffness
contractile reserve
mechanical efficiency
systolic-diastolic coupling
load-independent indices
pressure-volume relationships
ventricular power

## Flow Dynamics
4D flow patterns
vortex formation
turbulence assessment
flow acceleration
regurgitant dynamics
stenotic flow patterns
collateral flow dynamics
coronary flow reserve
peripheral flow patterns
microcirculatory flow

## Cardiac Energetics
high-energy phosphate metabolism
oxidative capacity
substrate preference
metabolic reserve
energy transfer efficiency
mitochondrial function
redox state
creatine kinetics
ATP turnover
energy cost of contraction
