# Ophthalmological Assessment

## Visual Function
visual acuity
contrast sensitivity
color vision
visual field
dark adaptation
light adaptation
stereopsis
depth perception
motion perception
visual processing

## Ocular Structure
corneal integrity
lens clarity
retinal structure
macular architecture
optic nerve morphology
anterior chamber depth
vitreous clarity
choroidal thickness
scleral integrity
iris configuration

## Intraocular Parameters
intraocular pressure
aqueous flow
tear production
pupillary response
accommodation
convergence
ocular motility
binocular vision
fixation stability
fusion range

## Retinal Function
retinal sensitivity
photoreceptor function
bipolar cell activity
ganglion cell function
retinal perfusion
macular function
peripheral vision
scotopic function
photopic function
electroretinography

## Neuro-ophthalmology
afferent pathways
efferent pathways
pupillary reflexes
ocular alignment
extraocular movements
visual processing
neural integration
oculomotor function
visual pathways
cortical processing

## Ocular Surface
tear film stability
corneal sensitivity
conjunctival integrity
limbal function
epithelial healing
stromal integrity
endothelial function
surface regularity
barrier function
wound healing

## Vascular Assessment
retinal circulation
choroidal flow
optic nerve perfusion
iris vasculature
conjunctival vessels
episcleral vessels
fluorescein patterns
indocyanine patterns
vessel caliber
perfusion patterns

## Biomechanical Properties
corneal biomechanics
scleral rigidity
lens elasticity
zonular tension
extraocular tension
orbital compliance
tissue resistance
material properties
structural dynamics
mechanical stress

## Inflammatory Markers
anterior inflammation
posterior inflammation
cellular infiltration
protein content
inflammatory mediators
immune response
vascular permeability
tissue edema
cellular adhesion
inflammatory cascade

## Functional Integration
visual integration
sensory processing
motor coordination
cognitive processing
attention mechanisms
spatial orientation
temporal processing
pattern recognition
feature detection
visual memory
