# Rheumatological Assessment

## Joint Function
articular mobility
range of motion
joint stability
cartilage integrity
synovial function
ligament stability
joint mechanics
biomechanical function
joint alignment
articular surface

## Inflammatory Status
synovial inflammation
joint effusion
inflammatory markers
cellular infiltration
cytokine profile
acute phase response
immune cell activity
inflammatory mediators
tissue edema
vascular changes

## Bone Assessment
bone density
mineral content
trabecular structure
cortical integrity
bone turnover
osteoblast activity
osteoclast function
bone formation
bone resorption
skeletal homeostasis

## Soft Tissue Function
muscle strength
tendon function
ligament integrity
fascia mobility
connective tissue
muscle endurance
tissue elasticity
biomechanical load
tissue repair
structural support

## Pain Assessment
pain intensity
pain distribution
mechanical allodynia
pressure sensitivity
movement-related pain
inflammatory pain
neuropathic pain
central sensitization
pain modulation
pain threshold

## Functional Capacity
physical function
activity limitation
participation restriction
functional independence
occupational capacity
mobility status
daily activities
functional reserve
compensatory mechanisms
adaptive strategies

## Disease Activity
disease severity
clinical activity
radiographic progression
functional decline
structural damage
disease burden
systemic involvement
extra-articular features
comorbid conditions
disease impact

## Tissue Remodeling
matrix turnover
tissue regeneration
scar formation
fibrosis development
tissue organization
structural adaptation
repair mechanisms
tissue homeostasis
matrix composition
cellular reorganization

## Vascular Assessment
synovial vascularity
microvascular function
blood flow patterns
vascular permeability
angiogenesis
vessel morphology
perfusion status
vascular remodeling
endothelial function
vascular density

## Neurological Components
proprioception
sensory function
motor control
reflex patterns
neuromuscular junction
nerve conduction
sensorimotor integration
movement coordination
balance control
postural stability
