# Imprecise mixed models terminology

## Model Description
good model
poor model
better model
worse model
reasonable model
adequate model
inadequate model
satisfactory model
unsatisfactory model
acceptable model

## Fit Description
good fit
poor fit
better fit
worse fit
reasonable fit
adequate fit
inadequate fit
satisfactory fit
unsatisfactory fit
acceptable fit

## Performance Description
good performance
poor performance
better performance
worse performance
reasonable performance
adequate performance
inadequate performance
satisfactory performance
unsatisfactory performance
acceptable performance

## Solution Quality
good solution
poor solution
better solution
worse solution
reasonable solution
adequate solution
inadequate solution
satisfactory solution
unsatisfactory solution
acceptable solution
# Imprecise mixed models terminology

## Model Description
good model
poor model
better model
worse model
reasonable model
adequate model
inadequate model
satisfactory model
unsatisfactory model
acceptable model

## Fit Description
good fit
poor fit
better fit
worse fit
reasonable fit
adequate fit
inadequate fit
satisfactory fit
unsatisfactory fit
acceptable fit

## Performance Description
good performance
poor performance
better performance
worse performance
reasonable performance
adequate performance
inadequate performance
satisfactory performance
unsatisfactory performance
acceptable performance

## Solution Quality
good solution
poor solution
better solution
worse solution
reasonable solution
adequate solution
inadequate solution
satisfactory solution
unsatisfactory solution
acceptable solution
