# Allergy and Immunology Assessment

## Allergic Response
allergen sensitivity
IgE levels
mast cell activation
basophil response
histamine release
tryptase levels
cytokine profile
inflammatory mediators
early phase reaction
late phase reaction

## Immune Function
antibody production
cellular immunity
complement activity
phagocytic function
NK cell activity
T cell response
B cell function
cytokine secretion
immune regulation
tolerance induction

## Respiratory Allergy
airway hyperreactivity
bronchial response
nasal congestion
rhinitis severity
sinus inflammation
mucosal edema
airway resistance
respiratory symptoms
pulmonary function
airway inflammation

## Skin Allergy
dermal response
urticaria assessment
angioedema extent
pruritus severity
eczema severity
skin barrier function
contact sensitivity
patch test response
photoallergy testing
dermatitis assessment

## Gastrointestinal Allergy
food sensitivity
oral allergy syndrome
intestinal permeability
mucosal immunity
gut inflammation
absorption function
motility changes
barrier integrity
immune tolerance
elimination response

## Systemic Response
anaphylaxis risk
systemic reaction
cardiovascular effects
respiratory impact
cutaneous manifestation
gastrointestinal effects
neurological symptoms
multi-organ involvement
hemodynamic status
compensatory response

## Laboratory Markers
specific IgE
total IgE
tryptase level
eosinophil count
complement levels
cytokine profile
inflammatory markers
autoantibodies
immune complexes
cellular markers

## Challenge Testing
food challenge
drug challenge
allergen challenge
bronchial challenge
nasal challenge
conjunctival challenge
oral challenge
contact challenge
provocation testing
tolerance testing

## Environmental Factors
allergen exposure
environmental triggers
seasonal variation
occupational exposure
indoor allergens
outdoor allergens
climate effects
pollution impact
humidity effects
temperature influence

## Treatment Response
immunotherapy response
medication effect
symptom control
breakthrough reactions
tolerance development
side effect profile
long-term control
prevention efficacy
quality of life
functional improvement
