# Immunological Assessment

## Cellular Immunity
# Lymphoid Cells
T cell function
B cell function
NK cell activity
lymphocyte proliferation
cellular cytotoxicity
memory cell formation
effector cell activity
regulatory cell function
plasma cell differentiation
lymphoid development

# Myeloid Cells
dendritic cell function
macrophage activity
neutrophil function
monocyte activity
phagocytic activity
antigen presentation
granulocyte function
mast cell response
basophil activation
eosinophil activity

## Humoral Immunity
# Antibody Parameters
antibody production
immunoglobulin levels
antibody specificity
antibody affinity
antibody diversity
isotype distribution
neutralizing capacity
opsonization activity
memory formation
long-term protection

# Complement System
complement activation
complement cascade
classical pathway
alternative pathway
lectin pathway
membrane attack complex
complement regulation
complement deficiency
complement consumption
complement recovery

## Immune Response Dynamics
# Primary Response
antigen recognition
cellular activation
clonal expansion
effector function
cytokine production
chemokine secretion
antibody generation
memory formation
tolerance induction
response resolution

# Secondary Response
memory cell activation
rapid expansion
enhanced response
antibody maturation
affinity enhancement
broader protection
faster kinetics
sustained immunity
cross-protection
immune memory

## Inflammatory Assessment
# Acute Phase Response
acute phase proteins
inflammatory cytokines
adhesion molecules
prostaglandin synthesis
leukotriene production
C-reactive protein
serum amyloid A
inflammatory indices
vascular changes
tissue response

# Chronic Inflammation
inflammatory mediators
tissue remodeling
fibrosis development
granuloma formation
autoantibody production
immune complex deposition
tissue destruction
repair mechanisms
chronic activation
resolution patterns

## Immune Monitoring
# Cellular Analysis
immunophenotyping
functional assays
proliferation testing
cytokine profiling
activation markers
exhaustion status
memory assessment
regulatory function
cellular metabolism
signaling pathways

# Clinical Parameters
vaccination response
immune reconstitution
immune competence
immune surveillance
tolerance status
autoimmune markers
allergy testing
infection resistance
tumor immunity
mucosal immunity
