# Time Series Decomposition Terminology

## Decomposition Methods
classical decomposition
X-11 decomposition
X-12-ARIMA decomposition
X-13-ARIMA-SEATS
STL decomposition
wavelet decomposition
empirical mode decomposition
singular spectrum analysis
canonical decomposition
tensor decomposition

## Component Analysis
trend component
seasonal component
cyclical component
irregular component
calendar component
trading day effects
moving holidays
outlier effects
level shifts
transitory changes

## Seasonal Adjustment
multiplicative seasonality
additive seasonality
pseudo-additive seasonality
log-additive seasonality
seasonal factors
seasonal indices
seasonal weights
deseasonalization
reseasonalization
seasonal breakdown

## Trend Estimation
polynomial trend
exponential trend
logistic trend
gompertz trend
local linear trend
hodrick-prescott filter
baxter-king filter
christiano-fitzgerald filter
butterworth filter
kalman filter

## Cycle Analysis
business cycle
economic cycle
growth cycle
deviation cycle
classical cycle
growth rate cycle
leading indicators
coincident indicators
lagging indicators
composite indicators

## Calendar Adjustment
trading day patterns
weekday effects
weekend effects
holiday effects
leap year effects
length-of-month effects
length-of-quarter effects
working day adjustment
bridge day effects
moving holiday effects

## Quality Assessment
residual analysis
spectrum analysis
sliding spans analysis
revision analysis
stability analysis
diagnostic statistics
quality control statistics
confidence intervals
prediction intervals
revision bounds

## Adjustment Methods
direct adjustment
indirect adjustment
concurrent adjustment
forward factor adjustment
projected factor adjustment
model-based adjustment
regression adjustment
signal extraction
real-time adjustment
historical adjustment

## Diagnostic Tools
spectral analysis
periodogram analysis
autocorrelation analysis
partial autocorrelation
cross-correlation
coherence analysis
phase analysis
gain analysis
frequency response
impulse response

## Advanced Methods
state space models
structural time series
unobserved components
regime switching models
threshold models
smooth transition models
long memory models
fractional integration
heteroskedastic models
nonlinear decomposition
