# Imprecise response evaluation terminology

## Response Description
good response
poor response
better response
worse response
reasonable response
adequate response
inadequate response
satisfactory response
unsatisfactory response
acceptable response

## Progression Description
rapid progression
slow progression
fast progression
gradual progression
quick progression
delayed progression
accelerated progression
decelerated progression
early progression
late progression

## Duration Description
long duration
short duration
brief duration
extended duration
prolonged duration
limited duration
temporary duration
permanent duration
indefinite duration
finite duration

## Outcome Description
good outcome
poor outcome
better outcome
worse outcome
reasonable outcome
adequate outcome
inadequate outcome
satisfactory outcome
unsatisfactory outcome
acceptable outcome

## Benefit Description
good benefit
poor benefit
better benefit
worse benefit
reasonable benefit
adequate benefit
inadequate benefit
satisfactory benefit
unsatisfactory benefit
acceptable benefit
# Imprecise response evaluation terminology

## Response Description
good response
poor response
better response
worse response
reasonable response
adequate response
inadequate response
satisfactory response
unsatisfactory response
acceptable response

## Progression Description
rapid progression
slow progression
fast progression
gradual progression
quick progression
delayed progression
accelerated progression
decelerated progression
early progression
late progression

## Duration Description
long duration
short duration
brief duration
extended duration
prolonged duration
limited duration
temporary duration
permanent duration
indefinite duration
finite duration

## Outcome Description
good outcome
poor outcome
better outcome
worse outcome
reasonable outcome
adequate outcome
inadequate outcome
satisfactory outcome
unsatisfactory outcome
acceptable outcome

## Benefit Description
good benefit
poor benefit
better benefit
worse benefit
reasonable benefit
adequate benefit
inadequate benefit
satisfactory benefit
unsatisfactory benefit
acceptable benefit
# Imprecise response evaluation terminology

## Response Description
good response
poor response
better response
worse response
reasonable response
adequate response
inadequate response
satisfactory response
unsatisfactory response
acceptable response

## Progression Description
rapid progression
slow progression
fast progression
gradual progression
quick progression
delayed progression
accelerated progression
decelerated progression
early progression
late progression

## Duration Description
long duration
short duration
brief duration
extended duration
prolonged duration
limited duration
temporary duration
permanent duration
indefinite duration
finite duration

## Outcome Description
good outcome
poor outcome
better outcome
worse outcome
reasonable outcome
adequate outcome
inadequate outcome
satisfactory outcome
unsatisfactory outcome
acceptable outcome

## Benefit Description
good benefit
poor benefit
better benefit
worse benefit
reasonable benefit
adequate benefit
inadequate benefit
satisfactory benefit
unsatisfactory benefit
acceptable benefit
# Imprecise response evaluation terminology

## Response Description
good response
poor response
better response
worse response
reasonable response
adequate response
inadequate response
satisfactory response
unsatisfactory response
acceptable response

## Progression Description
rapid progression
slow progression
fast progression
gradual progression
quick progression
delayed progression
accelerated progression
decelerated progression
early progression
late progression

## Duration Description
long duration
short duration
brief duration
extended duration
prolonged duration
limited duration
temporary duration
permanent duration
indefinite duration
finite duration

## Outcome Description
good outcome
poor outcome
better outcome
worse outcome
reasonable outcome
adequate outcome
inadequate outcome
satisfactory outcome
unsatisfactory outcome
acceptable outcome

## Benefit Description
good benefit
poor benefit
better benefit
worse benefit
reasonable benefit
adequate benefit
inadequate benefit
satisfactory benefit
unsatisfactory benefit
acceptable benefit
# Imprecise response evaluation terminology

## Response Description
good response
poor response
better response
worse response
reasonable response
adequate response
inadequate response
satisfactory response
unsatisfactory response
acceptable response

## Progression Description
rapid progression
slow progression
fast progression
gradual progression
quick progression
delayed progression
accelerated progression
decelerated progression
early progression
late progression

## Duration Description
long duration
short duration
brief duration
extended duration
prolonged duration
limited duration
temporary duration
permanent duration
indefinite duration
finite duration

## Outcome Description
good outcome
poor outcome
better outcome
worse outcome
reasonable outcome
adequate outcome
inadequate outcome
satisfactory outcome
unsatisfactory outcome
acceptable outcome

## Benefit Description
good benefit
poor benefit
better benefit
worse benefit
reasonable benefit
adequate benefit
inadequate benefit
satisfactory benefit
unsatisfactory benefit
acceptable benefit
# Imprecise response evaluation terminology

## Response Description
good response
poor response
better response
worse response
reasonable response
adequate response
inadequate response
satisfactory response
unsatisfactory response
acceptable response

## Progression Description
rapid progression
slow progression
fast progression
gradual progression
quick progression
delayed progression
accelerated progression
decelerated progression
early progression
late progression

## Duration Description
long duration
short duration
brief duration
extended duration
prolonged duration
limited duration
temporary duration
permanent duration
indefinite duration
finite duration

## Outcome Description
good outcome
poor outcome
better outcome
worse outcome
reasonable outcome
adequate outcome
inadequate outcome
satisfactory outcome
unsatisfactory outcome
acceptable outcome

## Benefit Description
good benefit
poor benefit
better benefit
worse benefit
reasonable benefit
adequate benefit
inadequate benefit
satisfactory benefit
unsatisfactory benefit
acceptable benefit
# Imprecise response evaluation terminology

## Response Description
good response
poor response
better response
worse response
reasonable response
adequate response
inadequate response
satisfactory response
unsatisfactory response
acceptable response

## Progression Description
rapid progression
slow progression
fast progression
gradual progression
quick progression
delayed progression
accelerated progression
decelerated progression
early progression
late progression

## Duration Description
long duration
short duration
brief duration
extended duration
prolonged duration
limited duration
temporary duration
permanent duration
indefinite duration
finite duration

## Outcome Description
good outcome
poor outcome
better outcome
worse outcome
reasonable outcome
adequate outcome
inadequate outcome
satisfactory outcome
unsatisfactory outcome
acceptable outcome

## Benefit Description
good benefit
poor benefit
better benefit
worse benefit
reasonable benefit
adequate benefit
inadequate benefit
satisfactory benefit
unsatisfactory benefit
acceptable benefit
