# Imprecise time series terminology

## Pattern Description
good pattern
poor pattern
better pattern
worse pattern
reasonable pattern
adequate pattern
inadequate pattern
satisfactory pattern
unsatisfactory pattern
acceptable pattern

## Model Description
good model
poor model
better model
worse model
reasonable model
adequate model
inadequate model
satisfactory model
unsatisfactory model
acceptable model

## Fit Description
good fit
poor fit
better fit
worse fit
reasonable fit
adequate fit
inadequate fit
satisfactory fit
unsatisfactory fit
acceptable fit

## Performance Description
good performance
poor performance
better performance
worse performance
reasonable performance
adequate performance
inadequate performance
satisfactory performance
unsatisfactory performance
acceptable performance

## Forecast Description
good forecast
poor forecast
better forecast
worse forecast
reasonable forecast
adequate forecast
inadequate forecast
satisfactory forecast
unsatisfactory forecast
acceptable forecast
# Imprecise time series terminology

## Pattern Description
good pattern
poor pattern
better pattern
worse pattern
reasonable pattern
adequate pattern
inadequate pattern
satisfactory pattern
unsatisfactory pattern
acceptable pattern

## Model Description
good model
poor model
better model
worse model
reasonable model
adequate model
inadequate model
satisfactory model
unsatisfactory model
acceptable model

## Fit Description
good fit
poor fit
better fit
worse fit
reasonable fit
adequate fit
inadequate fit
satisfactory fit
unsatisfactory fit
acceptable fit

## Performance Description
good performance
poor performance
better performance
worse performance
reasonable performance
adequate performance
inadequate performance
satisfactory performance
unsatisfactory performance
acceptable performance

## Analysis Description
good analysis
poor analysis
better analysis
worse analysis
reasonable analysis
adequate analysis
inadequate analysis
satisfactory analysis
unsatisfactory analysis
acceptable analysis
# Imprecise time series terminology

## Pattern Description
good pattern
poor pattern
better pattern
worse pattern
reasonable pattern
adequate pattern
inadequate pattern
satisfactory pattern
unsatisfactory pattern
acceptable pattern

## Model Description
good model
poor model
better model
worse model
reasonable model
adequate model
inadequate model
satisfactory model
unsatisfactory model
acceptable model

## Fit Description
good fit
poor fit
better fit
worse fit
reasonable fit
adequate fit
inadequate fit
satisfactory fit
unsatisfactory fit
acceptable fit

## Performance Description
good performance
poor performance
better performance
worse performance
reasonable performance
adequate performance
inadequate performance
satisfactory performance
unsatisfactory performance
acceptable performance

## Analysis Description
good analysis
poor analysis
better analysis
worse analysis
reasonable analysis
adequate analysis
inadequate analysis
satisfactory analysis
unsatisfactory analysis
acceptable analysis
