# Imprecise categorical terminology

## Association Description
strong association
weak association
moderate association
significant association
insignificant association
important association
unimportant association
meaningful association
negligible association
substantial association

## Model Description
good model
poor model
better model
worse model
reasonable model
adequate model
inadequate model
satisfactory model
unsatisfactory model
acceptable model

## Fit Quality
good fit
poor fit
better fit
worse fit
reasonable fit
adequate fit
inadequate fit
satisfactory fit
unsatisfactory fit
acceptable fit

## Performance Assessment
good performance
poor performance
better performance
worse performance
reasonable performance
adequate performance
inadequate performance
satisfactory performance
unsatisfactory performance
acceptable performance

## Classification Quality
good classification
poor classification
better classification
worse classification
reasonable classification
adequate classification
inadequate classification
satisfactory classification
unsatisfactory classification
acceptable classification
